add a rollback step (#8467)
pingcap/docs: two-data-centers-in-one-city-deployment.md

]
```

> To use the configurations in `rule.json`, override the existing configurations backed up in `default.json` file by running the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
To use the configurations in `rule.json`, run the following command to back up the existing configurations to the `default.json` file and override the existing configurations to `rule.json`:
```

> To use the configurations in `rule.json`, run the following command to back up the existing configurations to the `default.json` file and override the existing configurations to `rule.json`:

Author: ```suggestion
To use the configurations in `rule.json`, run the following command to back up the existing configurations into the `default.json` file and override the existing configurations to `rule.json`:
```

> To use the configurations in `rule.json`, run the following command to back up the existing configurations into the `default.json` file and override the existing configurations to `rule.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the configurations in `rule.json`, run the following command to back up the existing configuration to the `default.json` file and use rule.json` to override the existing configuration:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```bash
pd-ctl config placement-rules rule-bundle load --out="default.json"
pd-ctl config placement-rules rule-bundle save --in="rule.json"
```

> If you need to roll back the configurations, you can restore the backup file `default.json` or write the following JSON file manually and overwrite the file with the existing configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to roll back to the previous configuration, you can restore the backup file `default.json` or write the following JSON file manually and overwrite the current configuration with this JSON file:
```
